# Online-examination-system-project-in-php
The development of online examination systems in PHP has become one of the fastest growing fields due to their speed and ease of access. A second advantage of the online examination system in PHP and MySQL source code is that it requires less manpower than the conventional examination system. A majority of organisations administer objective exams online using a PHP open source system today, saving students the time they would otherwise have to spend writing exams. The performance of the student in an exam can also be easily checked through an online test application written in PHP. Organisations are doing their best to ensure results are being released as quickly as possible in this regard. A lot of organisations are releasing results faster than they used to because they have cut down on paper consumption and have saved time. It is an excellent way to learn PHP through a project involving an online exam management system. The content is relevant and allows you to learn the basics of PHP. In order to be able to verify the identity of any user going online to take an examination, the online examination system in php with source code must have a password-protected login system. It would be possible for the candidates' answers along with the questions asked to be saved alongside their answers. An answer-checking system should be available to assist in the accuracy of the answers given. It is possible to update the users' profiles. It is extremely important that once a session has been completed in the CPS system, you should log out of the system as soon as you can. Therefore, the online examination system project in PHP makes it possible for students to conduct online examinations in addition to traditional methods of testing.
